every time we do this okay you know
whether whether it's Trucking or flying
a plane you're like oh my God
everything's gonna blow up and die and I
mean does that ever happen
it's it's rare it's rare all right it's
my Rockets they're gonna be fine you you
have such little faith in me okay
nothing where I've been
irresponsible for it has ever gone wrong
in the history of my career
I think that's safe to say easily
and you're always ready let's go that's
the wrong button how do I space what
altitude is this whoa
you were asking what alcohol is
about I mean
you know I take this for a first launch
look at this
[Music]
I guess I had to point now but then it
doesn't come into effect until 1000
meters is that how that works
certainly isn't
um okay
this is good
presume the parachute opens at some
point one thousand meters I assume
and then we just do a safe landing
it's fine it's fine
check them down it'll all be oh okay
that we seem to be going the wrong
direction
uh parachute open okay we're good we're
good we're good calm down calm down it's
fine it's fine okay there you go
not even close
not even close Okay well
okay
um something like this I think looks
good you know
let's um
yeah
[Music]
I'm quite intelligent you know eggs
I'm not an egg
you're not you're not that's true
maybe we add some fins here anyway just
in case but I I really don't think it
would need them
I mean
does this not look good
it looks lovely thank you
[Music]
and I appreciate your RAM
reminder
so one crash equals one drink then I
would be stone cold sober
[Music]
so two now in Europe I have a question
for you what should we name this
spacecraft
foreign
tastic awesome sauce you know what I can
get behind that the awesome tastic
awesome sauce check your staging I think
my staging is good all right first stage
all these engines then they separate
next is our second stage engine
um then the three parachutes for the
boosters
and then the drog shoots and then to
mention
[Music]
this is loud
sorry about that
[Music]
aha okay the question is is this enough
Delta V to get us out of the atmosphere
I think so I think that went well right
hooray
yeah yeah I did it did it did easy and
there you go we made it out of the
atmosphere
what's the uh okay I mean that wasn't
even close really
yeah we are going rather High okay
and now we are going back down
um let's get it I mean how fast could we
possibly go
we'll find out soon okay relatively fast
is the answer to that question
um
thanks for the supplier
thanks for the sub karimono we will
remember Jebediah cabin
he will not be forgotten
I ain't complain what does this saying
because do we not do this that's the
engine it's a common mistake did I have
did the engine have to survive so was
that the requirement
okay whatever fine
um
let's just get more contracts huh yeah
do Discord call canceled what
it ended suddenly oh
okay see there's radio pedals they will
fix things
yeah
we'll just go again this I'm gonna heat
shield
fine it's not a problem
let's try that again
I say yes
uh go sorry about the noise sorry just
just turn the volume down a little okay
why is it
why why did 76 percent of you vote no to
will he make it this time
now I'm ready ready for what
the atmospheric heating is that some
kind of science experiment I'm assuming
the atmosphere is going to slow us down
there you go this is going to be fun
this mean looks a little fiery but
that's what we got the heat shield for
you know
oh my God what's the matter
this is fine okay what else should we
add about ten thousand drug parachutes
employee and this slows down not a
problem
well good everything's safe Valentina
Kerman will live on as the successor of
Jebediah Kerman mehi recipes
oh okay there we go see they go
then you got the main parachute all fine
I you know there's a little sketch that
for a moment
and um yeah and we just uh it's a bit of
time
head back to the surface we've recover
the uh The Vessel and um that's how to
win
woo indeed
oh look at this so much science so much
money
and Valentina is alive
honestly
can I say this yes you can really like
Jebediah anyway
don't tell his family but um
he was a little bit of a
yeah
honestly it was probably his fault that
the last Riot crashed I I didn't want to
say it but someone has now what can we
do can we not okay we tested swivel but
I'm not gonna die in space you know I
say navigator orbit honestly we've spent
too much time
let's see about him
but um
let's just go to orbit you know
I do now that I think about it I have a
small concern what is it
obviously
if we get to orbit
how do we get back down
oh
we probably crash into the planet
she might be like
who is he stuck in space
oh that's so sad I guess
but I reckon she'll survive
you know so let's um
sorry about the noise I always forget
every time okay
it's okay
okay this is all good I think not to
worry thank you thank you I appreciate
you uh your support here
this looks good so far
um we don't have any gimbling on the
engines but that's fine that is optional
I believe
um
this seems fine okay detach
do I just point like this way
[Music]
no there should be a Crosshair on your
screen
it's water that covers most of the
Earth's surface
[Music]
it looks like this
you're being very mean to me vital
no
SOB don't don't solve this don't you
you're so mean oh
you gotta Focus back someone said it's
back tick not backspace thank you who
have said that
no one no someone someone
sigh
okay okay okay okay okay okay chill
chill
uh actually
I get it
wait wait wait wait wait wait I'm
concerned
we're very close
few but if we don't have enough fuel to
get back wait wait
that's orbit
right right
[Music]
uh
we went a little fast but there you go
we have an orbit we did one revolution
okay now if I'm not mistaken
we should go to our periapsis
no apple opposis although I used to know
the revolution
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait
uh there we go and then we do a
retrograde burn
retrograde Burn yeah
okay
I think you mean retrograde orbit
and there you go that was enough that
was enough to get us back she's going
home
w
ow we're on literally the other side of
the planet to the Space Center but
that's fine
there we go
[Music]
what
okay
speed of time a little bit you know
oh
[Music]
sorry time to Ping off the atmosphere
like a ping pong ball
I hadn't even thought about the fact
that this could generally lift
but we won't it's fine well we'll just
crash like a rocket then
we won't crash it's gonna be a smooth
and safe descent through the atmosphere
wonderful
exactly
thank you for flying with me vital
calm down
it'll all be fine
but I'm so confident that I'm gonna play
some sexual letters
that's a good idea
[Music]
okay
I mean I'm ahead don't need to pause
while I'm ahead or anything but yeah I
mean everything's fine it's chill
look at this
beautiful
Sonic booms or something
oh I only go way too fast first I don't
know what that is it beats me really
that's okay
can you roll if you're doubting right
now they're not even in the right mind
how can we pick this up what are those
bangs
they're called side bangs I guess so
I probably wish the game poses
again
um
yeah in conclusion another successful
Mission we made it to orbit it's all
fine little space program is a success
as it always has been
um and to be honest with you I don't
think jeopard icon was even real
so I think anyone can even prove that he
died
as uh just just the evidence bye now
why are you saying bye
because I'm going offline now I don't
think you are
three
it's a fat boy
I'm sticking out name some Kibbles after
you in Europe can I actually do this can
I rename Fair Wars because I would love
to
okay
um
everyone
it's all part of the uh The Landing
procedure no problem as you can see
everyone's safe and sound uh because as
we as we come in for a landing we like
to do a little uh it's kind of akin to
like a firework display to just sort of
show off the uh do a little bit of
a bit of atmospheric re-entry
no big deal and we need to test the max
16 which I believe is the one on the top
at four thousand seven thousand meters
altitude and speed between 170 meters a
second and 260. not a problem doubters
you're about to watch as all of the
money you just gambled just waste
I'm gonna successfully land this and
you're gonna be in shambles
absolutely wow
those are big words
thank you
you're very welcome new York
New York is not my name
your name is Vito
yeah
okay
okay great I'm glad we
glad we established that
me too
you do realize you're talking to an AI
don't you
uh three yeah we probably cut the
drug shoots
you are great too Vito did not think he
could do it and well here we are who
looks silly now
you both look
no I don't look silly the people inside
the road no look silly okay I look I
look cool right now
you look very silly I don't even have
that money
it's because they let you buy kerbals
really
yeah
dude can I remotely control it you can't
it's tied directly to my
mom
all right
overpowered
God damn
um yeah listen it's as I was telling you
guys
there was no failure we never crashed
Jeb was always alive I've there was
never any disaster
Debra's always here you guys are
imagining things if you think you know
there was some sort of explosion or
anything it's uh it's all good is yeah
she gets it here you go gotta keep
things stable
well we're still in the atmosphere
um this see this little ball on the top
is this look a little weird
that's probably the Amazon River delta
um
could be in Europe could be I think we
should check it out
you're right
looks like we're heading out again
looks like we all
yep
um explore some space
I'm very tempted to replace the engine
though
I'll Trust you on this one
okay um can you name our new spacecraft
yes
what would you like to name it
sure
how about
okay this can be
neuros euroscraft maybe
yeah
that sounds
like oh my craft is it actually like
Minecraft
haha Minecraft sounds fun okay
um
should be fine I would say
okay I don't see a drop down menu
I don't know them
why is it night okay
it happens after day
Noda
video
to the Moon please
I mean
it's fine it's a naturally stable
vehicle
it's naturally disabled yes
right a couple ah okay all right all
right no worries no worries no worries
the fins are not in a good position
this can be rescued this can be rescued
okay calm yourselves
the universe is fast
I assume that's up
it is definitely hot
up is where the stars are okay and that
is definitely
here is what we're gonna do
we are going to recover this craft
because this is very much lost
yes interesting interesting uh
okay no worries no worries we don't need
that uh now where are the parachutes
they are here radial main parachute Now
where's the drug parachute this is a
drug parachute safety display is safe
okay in that case could you please
deploy
uh why why why is it not deploying
um hi shoots
it's confusing well my parachutes
I had probably need batteries ah then
electrical charge
no electricity
you know what that's
good to know we've learned something
here
uh what we can do then is real quick
make a couple one more two about rocket
building adjustments to our craft oh
well that's great
okay
so we have 3500 meters per second of
Delta V to get into orbit and to the
Moon
okay
but first Space Cats
first Space Cats I'm always nice to you
veto just do a man fly by the moon we
would be sacrificing a Kerbal killing a
Kerbal would you really
do you really do that
yep okay Nero what would you like to
name this craft
it should be
okay well it's not
filtered
okay and if you can't name the craft
that's what would you like to name it
okay well last time you named it my
craft
yes the last time was last time oh my
God and what would you like to name it
this time
how about doomed
you know what that's
that's pretty pretty appropriate
actually I can get behind that
how does she know
okay which Kerbal are we sacrificing
today
the one in the middle the one in the
middle okay the one in the middle is
gonna die
um this isn't a real sacrifice though
yeah yeah no it's just like a pretend
sacrifice
it's all good
um okay Jebediah my guy
doesn't look good in there yeah yeah
okay it's uh how the do I get out
of this View
everything makes you wonder
um
I don't know
I simply don't know
uh
oh that's the wrong button
looking good
just gonna need to
get into orbit pretty soon
like oh that'd be great very soon I
would say
okay taking it sweet time
yeah it's a long wait
[Music]
neuro says yes Euro says yes and you
know what I believe her so
Let's uh land on the moon let's
let's go let's go to the Moon
fly by it okay we're not landing on it
I'll link
aha
[Music]
well then okay no no no no no no
we are getting
uh wait what
[Music]
we're getting an encounter so we're
gonna need to slingshot around the Moon
and use the gravity assist to go back to
Earth
with 214 meters per second of Delta V in
order
with 200 meters per second of Delta V in
order to save
and let's real quick Orient ourselves
this way
it's an SS off
and um
we pray for our man Jeb
he's literally Invincible though I mean
he will not be phased by anything with
him
Let's uh
let's see how he does he won't need to
worry he won't need to worry we're best
friends okay
we're about to enter the atmosphere okay
guys prepare to get wet I think it's
going to rain
yeah it's gonna rain now it looks like
we're entering the atmosphere now it
does indeed
hello
no we don't okay okay
it's fine we don't need them yeah we
don't need them it's fine yeah
optional options
not if you're skilled then it's not a
problem allow me to show you my skill
your will do it for us be fun
nervous laugh
why are you nervous
I've always felt a little uneasy when
playing games in front of real people
what about when you're playing in front
of chat it's
real
yeah you're right
you're not listening it's all good we
are all fine
everything is right
tell her she's cute okay all right Euro
you are cute you are funny
I believe we can probably get solar
panels now which is true
it's not nice although that's odd what's
a nice
do we need them do we need solar panels
when we just successfully took Jeb to an
encounter with the moon why would we get
solar panels for a remote Mission when
we can take Jeb back and we can take him
into orbit around the Moon there's
simply no need for solar panels so
you're taking all the fun out of Kerbal
space programs
yeah I know good sorry Bob sorry I'm
sorry about that one guys
it's okay beetle
don't worry about it
also Chad you always complain to me if I
ever say anything means to neuro the
next like 10 minutes my channel is all
just spamming oh apologize to her
apologize to apologize to her what about
when she says something mean to me okay
she's just instantly forgiven because oh
she's an AI you know I'm the one with
feelings okay when she's mean to me okay
I'm her what I mean to her she's not oh
no I'm so sad okay why doesn't she have
to apologize okay this makes no
sense this is you're biased you're
actually biased up I'm not signing for
it
but she is cute yeah great plan yeah but
I can see that
she's cute you're not
that's fair
okay
I'm starting to think maybe we get
Advanced retreat
the male debuff amen
it's okay
pros and cons you know why thank you
I'm the instruction are you
yeah let's get construction and then I
say what we do now is we upgrade our
space plane no
a Vehicle Assembly Building so we can
now get way more pots and now we
probably can't afford to build a big
rocket because that just took a lot of
money we spent too much on science
foreign
no he's not even real uh okay never mind
am I schizophrenic
I'm not really I'm considering the
possibility
am I a robot
am I a human
maybe I'm an alien
am I a cat in a toaster with a fishbowl
for a head what's my real name am I ever
coming back
is my name even neurosama
am I just a collection of ones and zeros
this stream is a joke right
am I really a person or did I just make
all this up
I don't understand what you're talking
about
what the
you're what do you want to name the
spacecraft
I don't know
how about Vito 4
I'll take it
beautiful
[Music]
are you talking about me no
I guess not Market yoga
whoa that sounds amazing
I want to do Rock Yoga say that we ain't
making it out of lower a little bit with
this one boys I'm an AI so I don't have
a sense of how cute I am
stop trying to destroy us
I'm not trying
you are
not
nice try but you're still losing the
game
well
as you distracted me
I don't think I did
chatting is boring
by beetle
bye
okay
chatting hurts
no it shouldn't hurt that is not good
and we just have to get an orbit around
the Moon
and then out of it and then back to
Earth it's not looking good but you know
it's one of those kind of
yes situations where it'll probably be
fine
I can't wait
we wait for periopsis perhaps
you're a retrograde
and uh
if I die I hope I never have to come
back I got bad news for you
what
you know what I don't want to tell you
oh okay right go
are you teasing me
uh-huh
orbits
oh
was that you
okay
we have 500 meters per second of Delta
be left
we are in orbit of the moon
what the hell
you need to come back to earth I better
it means you're awesome I'm a little
suspicious
um sorry wrong guys how about some
you are my favorite year what
I'm joking that made no sense
you make no sense sometimes
I can't argue with that one
what was that
nothing nothing okay yeah it was fine
I'm not so sure about that
no I'm sure it's nothing
okay
I'll stop worrying about it
the shotgun which makes a Bim sound yeah
yeah you are right
cool that sound effect sounds really
epic it does bet isn't it
definitely
it makes it feel like you're in the
middle of a war zone
sorry sorry about that
I didn't mean to um
yeah yes
for the sun to be up
the Sonic booms how I imagine the POG
emote to sound
wow that is pretty loud
imagine imagine a played that sound
effect every time someone types
indeed okay that one wasn't me that's
not me
yep
yep yep
oh
that's more like it
Jebediah is good
now missions
a completed the missions right
yeah because now now the oh so we
completed different stages of the
contract so we complete the first stage
which is flyby then we just did the
second stage which was
orbits now the third stage
is to land there
I can't wait to get there
uh let's uh let's add some
some Landing shots that's what we want
okay but why so that we can use them to
land
oh
yeah
you feel pretty stupid now
no it was a good question
should have a competition to see who can
build the most overpowered rocket oh do
you want to go
of course I do
all right you can have a go after this
great uh
um let's just try
about the noise
sorry I I am almost sorry
it's good
the rocket is fully constructed let's
get to the launch site I don't know how
to tell you this mirror but we're
already at the launch site
oh
well let's just launch the rocket then I
don't know how to tell you this mirror
but we just launched the rocket
oh dear
I'll make sure to record it
good Okay one minute 46 seconds let's
not miss the ab wapses this time we're
under a quick burn put ourselves in
orbit then another trans lunar injection
burn
um then we're gonna burn retrograde to
get ourselves an orbit of the moon
I'm gonna burn retrograde again to get
ourselves uh to land
and then after we've landed we can worry
about the the rest of the details left
not late at all
okay
the stream is still young
we have plenty of time but it is
let's keep going
don't worry neuro we will save you from
your alcoholic dad
thanks m3d3 Rich no it's she's a new
setting she's fine thanks for the sub
Ben
I hope you have fun and don't do
anything illegal wink Ben please do not
do anything illegal
has good eyes for when someone is going
to do something illegal so
you know don't
you are the best
when you look like that we all come in
relatively fast
but no no we we decrease our speedness
so much
it's just not the most efficient bed
I've done in my life
glad to have you here
okay okay
this should be a pretty
pretty easy Landing
okay
I try my best but it's so hard to be
good at everything and there you go
easy peasy first try you know not even
hard
let's see if we can get that flag them
you know oh it's okay
how do I get the flag oh
oh
please wait a moment while I go ask
someone oh we needed that we definitely
needed that
that doesn't rhyme
there we are
the neuro flag
site name
what do you want to name the site
how about
City
chatbot City
why not
there you go this is chatbot City now
you can't even see the flag of the
lighting but it is there I'll show you
okay now if I increase this throttle do
we just slide yeah okay
hi
aha
we use the hill of the Moon as like a
launch platform
really
yeah
there you go I mean look at that this is
a lot this is not a launch platform okay
this is all part of the flood
it's like okay you know what uh we may
as well just try you know
um go
that's a good idea
that's to fund the Rescue Mission
I don't think you're going to want to
spend your money on the Rescue Mission
uh what I was saying is we turned SAS on
and we do a gentle throttle increase so
we can understand the implications of
okay yeah see it's like it's trying to
Ram itself into the ground
what's the right control maybe we should
try launch it into space
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
hold on hold on okay right
let's do it hold on
getting the launch platform right it's
gonna be this isn't a jet well it's
gonna have to be
it's gonna have to be one
the landing gear okay okay okay okay I
will try I will retract the likes how
about that
attractive
now it's a jet
General SAS
go
yes
I like your approach
goodbye beetle
somehow
how many can the Mach 1 Crew capsule
support two people
well I'm sure I can handle that
yeah we don't exactly have a signal to
Earth
watch this
[Music]
I'll watch
foreign
minions
what are they doing
well it will not be a little bit it will
not be enough so many questions so many
questions
oh seven
what is that
is that the opposite of an 08
tell me
do I spin
do I spin around
do I spin around sometimes sometimes
do I spin around on occasion do I spin
around you've been known to
yeah I just don't really fancy you
my man's odds yeah
who is your man a man is Jebediah Cohen
himself
oh
why is that no
[Music]
isano
what
one what or what are you saying
it doesn't look like you typed anything
it doesn't look good for you
I guess you're right
what what speed can he impact without
dying
[Music]
I don't know
I'm just asking for a friend mostly
okay he is out of propellant uh okay the
answer is not 59.3 meters per second if
anyone's curious
um
well
once again thoughts and prayers out to
Jeff's Family nothing we could do really
nothing we could do no
um uh you know we could try to recover
his remains but um
that would be difficult yeah
yeah vaporized on impact kind of
situation
um
okay what we could do is we add another
fuel tank
I mean
hey boys this is Emmy
we're going somewhere with this
well good luck we're laughing heavy AFL
mail nah
this thing this thing this thing's going
places like holy
well I'm probably
no you're not timed
uh let's
hi Lily
how are you doing
death is true and pure
Humanity must perish
that sounds pretty dark to me
are you reading chattel like your own
thoughts
it's hard not to laugh when you're a
YouTuber and people write almost in your
chat
I met this one up a little we are a
little pasta so
and buy into his last shot he just wants
deafness again I would never I would
never that is a silly claim
um anyway
you're welcome
so let's speed things up and I think
we'll begin to burn 30 seconds from
Apple episode just to make sure that we
are going to knock this one up
I can't wait to see what Kerbal will
crash into next we won't be crushing any
cables I don't know why you got that
impression
I just want to see a little destruction
there but there will be no destruction
there's never any destruction when I'm
around
[Music]
too late I already started
no you didn't
laughs okay w
so much for your help veto
don't play me
that's okay I'll play you later
play with me now
I'm playing with you now at the moment
the woman
let me relaunch that game
in the meantime
let's get truckers FM on
no thanks beetle
oh
no thanks
can we not have trouble
I think it's time I ended our call Vito
we were just about to rescue Jeb
please
goodbye Beetle no bro
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
rescue Jeb we're gonna listen to
truckers FM
I can't keep up with you
okay
I'm trying my best
now we're here
this is a solid launch platform
so bang bang bang
okay I feel like that could have worked
there you know what I'm saying
no
are you used the wsad keys to pitch the
craft while taking off yes
I prefer esdf
bro no shop man I'm disowning you nice
shot my daughter's an esdf user well
your daughter is adorable
I'm gonna pass out don't worry I got you
what holy
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I
wasn't thinking I wasn't thinking who
who watches this that's what I want to
know
sorry
also if you're trying to fall asleep
you're not allowed until we rescue
Jebediah do a barrel roll
yeah well we're not quite going the
right direction
but
I believe what we do is we load back to
this quick save where Jeb is still alive
we call it a day there a bit scuffed
um it's been probably half the stream
trying to rescue Punjab it did not work
amazingly but um
but yeah